# Hello, dear friend! :fa-hand-paper-o a-shake:

## Quickstart

This is your first CommonMark text generated by Epsilon Notes as an example!

Using simple characters, like `* _ +` etc., you can format your texts, insert links, pictures, tables, icons, and even create your personal book, diary, Wikipedia or site, in any folder of your device.

## Examples of formating

_Italic_, **Bold**, ++Underlined++, ==Highlihted==, ~~Strikethrough~~ and `Others`

You can create links to [Internet](http://google.com) and (!!!) other [CommonMark documents](other_document.md).

## Further actions

All file operations are done with the help of the File Browser, which is on the right. To access the File Browser, swipe from the right (:fa-arrow-right:) side of the screen to the center.

_(Note: If you swipe from the left (:fa-arrow-left:) side of the screen, you can set up links to your favorite CommonMark files, change the picture, and set up a home page, but **++that's for later++**.)_

## Create New Folder and a CommonMark file

Now, please:


1. Open the file browser (swipe from the right side of the screen to the center)
1. Press on the ***top menu button***, which looks like this: <font color="lightblue">:fa-navicon:</font>
1. Choose `Create new folder` and create a folder for your notes. Name it `Notes`
1. Enter your new folder and press on the round Plus button (<font color="lightblue">:fa-plus-circle:</font>) ***at the bottom of the file browser***, to create a new CommonMark file
1. Name that file `index.md`

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
    <head>
        <title>Adding Videos Using HTML5 &ltvideo&gt and &ltsource&gt Element</title>
        <meta charset="utf-8">
        <link rel="shortcut icon" href="icon/icon.png" type="image/x-icon">
        
        <link href="styles.css" rel="stylesheet">
        
    </head>
    
    <body>
    
        <video poster="img/post2.jpg"
        width="640" height="360"
        preload
        controls>
        
        	 <source src="vid/vid.mp4" type='video/mp4; codecs="avc1.42E01E, mp4a.40.2"'>
        	<source src="vid/vid.flv" type="video/flv">
            <p>A H264 (.mp4) video ought to appear here!</p>
        </video>
        
    </body>

</html> 
```

Now, if you name this new file `index.md`, as I asked, everytime you enter that folder, this file will always be the first to greet you. Write there some welcoming message and place there links to other CommonMark documents, for example, by writing `[My Tasks](tasks.md)`. 

:fa-exclamation-triangle: Do not use _spaces_ in filenames for the beginning. Do it later, when you feel comfortable with CommonMark using Epsilon Notes.

## :fa-google-plus: Support

Epsilon Notes is **a powerful** CommonMark editor with infinite abilities. To write wonderful texts, create your personal wikipedia, and receive advanced help, join our Google Plus community [here - :fa-google-plus:](https://plus.google.com/communities/100312921568116734139).

# Happy writing with Epsilon Notes!

To delete this Welcome File, if you no longer need it, go to the file browser (swipe from the right side of the screen to the center), and make a long tap on the file name. Then, choose `delete file`.
